fix(vrl): fix typo in enum variant (#1770)
vectordotdev/vrl: changelog.d/1770.fix.md

> Fixed a typo in enum variant that made it impossible to compile a function like pascalcase("hello", original_case: "SCREAMING_SNAKE").

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed a typo in enum variant that made it impossible to use `SCREAMING_SNAKE` in casing functions such as `pascalcase`, `camelcase` and others.

`pascalcase("hello", original_case: "SCREAMING_SNAKE")` now compiles properly.
```
